Hi long time no chat. Let's do a little rebranding design and product mgmt work.

High level - I want this to help mirror + track everything Peter Attia has said in his book. See attached for context and below on nutrition.

Change name of Exercise protocols to exercise & behavioral protocols.

Change Fasting to TR & IF: Meal Window. This is a strategic change to incorporate with the Peter Attia stuff.

And rename Nutrition to CR & DR: Calories & Diet

Some notes on how I want to be able to track nutriotion according to Peter Attia's framework:

Breaking dietary modifications into 3 “levers” we can pull. These are:

CR – Calorie Restriction
TR – Time Restricted Eating (often referred to as intermittent fasting)
DR – Dietary Restriction

Peter says that in order to avoid eating the standard American diet, you want to be pulling at least one of these levers at all times.

For most people that’ll typically be dietary restriction; avoiding sugary foods, processed carbohydrates and trans fats.

However, ideally you want to be pulling at least two of these levers. Peter says he lives most his life like this, doing the following:

Restricting how often he eats, typically eating his first meal in the afternoon (intermittent fasting)
Restricting what he eats; currently he doesn’t eat sugary foods, and he doesn’t eat processed carbohydrates
Occasionally, you want to pull all 3 of these levers.

Pulling all 3 levers means doing an extended fast.

So let’s recap; you want to be thinking about:

What you’re eating (DR)
When you’re eating (TR)
How much you’re eating (CR)

Some design element ideas:

Color Palette
Role	Color	Usage
Primary	Warm coral/terracotta	Headlines, CTAs, accents
Secondary	Soft cream/ivory	Backgrounds, cards
Neutral	Warm gray	Body text, subtle elements
Accent	Muted gold/amber	Highlights, data viz
Typography
Headlines: Rounded sans-serif (approachable yet professional)
Body: Clean sans-serif with generous line height
Data/Metrics: Medium weight for emphasis
Visual Elements
Soft gradients and rounded corners
Warm photography with natural lighting
Subtle shadows for depth
Organic shapes as decorative elements
Generous white space for breathing room